Hey guys welcome back.
So now we're going to get side on our progress bar at the bottom.
The one that looks like this.
This progress by here and where we do it.
This is naturally too complicated.
Go better indexed our BHP and say this stuff here which belongs to this class.
Byrnes one.
So right here underneath that we're going to say div.
And it's going to have a class of flavour far gazer class playback bar and this is going to be the div
that houses our whole progress bar including the time parts right here.
So the first thing you do is create a span which will hold that time that the time is currently on.
So it creates an element and then give that class of.
Progress tying like that in any other class for current.
Okay so let's go two classes then do 0 0 0 because we're going to start the site of course and then
copy that I'm going to paste it again below like that.
And this is going to be time Progress time.
And the second class is not going to be covering is going to be remaining this going be the time left
in the song so save that and win it keep this 0 0 0 as well because it won't matter because as soon
as the song plays this will obey on its own anyway so it doesn't matter that 0 0 for now and then in
between those two credit of and skip this class.
Of progress bar like that.
Right.
So how do you now save that.
And you see that when you refresh the page you are having to look to great Sidonia.
So style so right click I expect to learn on those.
And then on span elements.
So first of all let's change the colour so I can actually see it.
Let's say colour and then let's do 8 0 8 0 8 0.
Know that's the grey we use for these bones too.
Okay so now you actually see the colour font size is going to be 11 pixels.
And June 10th make it 11 pixels.
It was again saying min width is going to be 40 pixels and you see that.
Do anything yet.
But we will when we add the actual process by itself.
Text a line is going East Centre.
Again you're actually anything with this yet but I know we need it.
Susie read the progress bar and that's actually I think.
Yeah that's it.
Okay so just those for copy and paste that go back to our style yes s Scott Scott the barn and were
going to add Progress time which is the class we gave it.
Member save that school about how many should see both of them still have the same style that I now
ask you some style did actual progress by itself and we haven't actually done anything with this.
Can't see anything in the DIV yet but we can still style it.
So firstly warning of this a width of 100 percent.
Like that again you won't see anything yet.
Who is next going of a height of 12 pixels and then with a say display in line flaks and the flexi hours
are why I talked about in the previous lectures.
And I said they're really worth looking into if you remember because they are quite useful if you know
how to use them.
And then finally with this cursor of pointer.
So when we hover over it you'll see a change to a pointer.
I really can't see anything.
And the by itself.
Yet you can see that the mouse is changing to a pointer.
Everyone knows because there eventually the user going to add a drag along on this to move the song
forward and backwards every one of them.
They can click on this and you know at the moment obviously the bias in between those two were more
when really we want it to be in the middle of them and the way we do that is by giving this play back
bar here.
Our display of flack's.
Why that.
OK.
Those two things allowed me to add this display fleck's to this playback bar and then mostly to copy
and paste the style and add this to the progress bar div.
It's only styled at C S S with the progress bar first progress.
Far that they say in there.
And then we also want to do the display flex on the playback bar.
So we can put that but vashi ONE KEY IS ONE OF comes first.
So play back bar like that Pacer and then display fleck's an hour with save and refresh the page will
hopefully still see the same styles.
Great There it is.
So we have our progress bar although it has nothing in there.